------ MVP

DEFECT: upload fails silently when another version already exists - need to delete first.

---- REST STUFF left to do

DEFECT - fix merge on rest branch: was having an issue where the highlight page seemed to be pulled from another IFM, 2 events on the page and highlights showed a list of highlights for another IFM.  How did I get in this state with the new REST model?  Is this repeatable?

Make icons for creating/ending context.

Make a page that displays a list of all IFM and their attributes.  Add some simple searching options to list all for a project or all for a user or all for a project and user.

Default index page should list all Idea Flows.  Shouldn't load the files in order to make a list.  So make it lazy-init on demand.

Add context information to the display - who, what, when

Reorganize our repo by project/user/task

------ BOOK RELEASE

Ability to open a conflict and record mistake type, cause, delay, notes.

Edit events, conflicts, learning band notes

Edit bands, start/end band positions or creating new bands.  Seems like something you would correct on band detail.

Add new bands

Add new events

Clean up overlapping timeline text so you can read it.

Attach rework to a conflict or group a set of conflicts together.  This would affect the sorting ranking size.

Add a legend for the colors.


----- FUTURE

show idle time on the timeline

show actual time on the timeline

show start/stop session on a timeline


Allow different users to share the same IF server
* need editing to work
* need to attach to git repository and automatically commit when edits are made or once a day?
* Allow different users to have different IFMs opened

Attach a user login session to register a particular project URL

Allow activity to be reassigned to another task.

Show task switching type of view

Document: compile css with jruby (fix compasee error), fix the color display on highlights page

---- FUTURE

Add a plugin to create a ticket in your jira system from the IFM tool.


